Food Flow:
Category selection has no effect on food balance plot		
No zero handling in the timeline plot
timeline labels wrong!
remove food balance plot
integrate into main site

Country Explorer
add slider labels for years
negative value otherLand US 2010??
add bar charts (need to pass entire country array, not just country-year)
rank bars - allow selection of two country bars in different colors
add highlight bars behind selected data (in case bars are too small to see)
re-size brush selection when reshuffle function updates graph (currently loses scale connection b/c array doesn't get re-trimmed)
default view zooms into subsection of data, rather than plotting the whole bar series
hide/remove dropdowns in ranking view
restrict degrading data to 2003
try changing slider "oninput" to "onchange" to reduce function calls? (Label updates probably still want to be oninput)
add urban land and pop 2050 to visualizations?
add alphabetical x-axis labels 
on show nav, needs to call pageNav function?
Land degradation/area ranking should be in percent rather than total land area? (or add additional selector)
sort decr value not maintained on year update with slider
switch between rank and sbs not clearing out sidebar yet? <br> before re-appends on re-enter rank section
problem with multiple function calls when switching between sbs and compare rank (seems worse after leaving alone for a few mins??)


Soil Degradation:
add pie chart to show % degradation classes? 

Ecoregions:
SVG needs to become responsive
Map mismatch on window size change
Make x-axis white (Move axis to front, turn it back to white)
Try implementing map mesh to speed drawing?
redo biome definitions mapping

Soil organisms:
Make responsive

Page navigation and alternative index:
Link index node to page navigation (not in template architecture; need to include an exception to navigate to index.html and pass tracker from page1.php to index.html)

World pop
resize on page change
distinguish between prediction, reconstructed data, and World Bank data paths

SoilMap
resize problems on FF getting bigger only